the developer tap contains all of the options that you'll need to start working with.
Word B b A.
However,
when you first install word develop,
attack is not visible on the ribbon.
In this video,
we'll look at how to make the development tab visible.
Will also discuss how you can modify your macro security settings so that word doesn't give
you unnecessary warning messages every time you open macro enabled files,
which you yourself a development to make the developer time visible inward.
2010 in 2013 which is what I'm used in here,
you go to the file menu and choose options in the word options dialog.
Click on the customized ribbon category on the left,
then in the list of tabs on the right,
scroll down to find developer and simply click in the checkbooks to activate it.
When you click OK,
you'll see that you have an extra tab on the end of the ribbon called Developer Inward 2007
.
Go to the office button in the top left of your screen and choose word options here in the
popular category.
Activate the option show,
develop it out in ribbon and click.
OK,
There are six groups of controls on the developer tab,
but it's the 1st 1 The code group that were mainly interested in clicking on the visual
basic button brings up the visual basic editor or VB,
and it's here that you'll write macros and edit them.
We'll start working in a visual basic editor from Section two onwards,
so you will soon become very familiar with it.
The code group also contains controls for playing Mac Rose recording and pours in them and
also for changing macro security settings will discuss recording and playing Micro's later
in this section.
For the moment,
let's talk a bit more about macro security.
Let's go into the Exercises folder and into 01 getting started and then into project.
And here you'll find a couple of macro enabled files.
Double click on the 2nd 1 Recording a macro end.
When we opened the file,
word displays a security warning message.
These messages are quite useful for files that you yourself haven't created,
but if it's your own file,
it's clearly unnecessary to be given these warning messages.
So we go across to the developer tab.
Let's click on Macro Security and see if we can stop word from display in these messages
when we opened files which were perfectly happy to work with,
the simplest thing you can do is enable macros,
but this is not recommended,
and it's probably not a good idea because it means that you never get warned,
even in those circumstances where it might be useful.
A better solution is to go into trusted locations on the left and add the subdirectories in
which you're saving your files to your trusted locations.
So let's do that now.
We simply click on add new location.
Browse.
I've got my exercises folder on my desktop,
so I click on desktop and scroll down to word Phoebe a macro programming and then click OK
,
Very importantly,
we need to switch on sub folders of this location or also trusted.
Let me click OK,
click OK again and let's put it to the test So quick word and just go back into the exact
same file.
And this time,
as you can see,
I'm not given the warning message.
Let's close the file,
and I'm just going to copy the same file,
go back to my desktop and just temporarily paste a copy at that location,
So this location is obviously outside the trusted location I've just specified when I go
back in,
here's my error message again,
which is just a zit should be.
That's just close word once more,
and let's delete this file.
The developer tab is not visible on the word ribbon.
By default,
it has to be made visible.
Using the word options,
dialog,
the controls and the code group of the developer tab allow you to record,
run and edit macros.
Add in your VB A development folders to trusted locations provides a safe method of
overriding words.
Warning messages on macro enabled files.